# Seeking Alpha Quant Ratings

Seeking Alpha calculates qantitative ratings for nearly all U.S. securities. Ratings are based on each securities individual value, growth, profitability, EPS Revisions, and price momentum metrics vs. the peer sector. The Seeking Alpha Quant Ratings strategy invests in stocks rated as 'Strong Buy'

Seeking Alpha’s Quant Ratings are an objective, unemotional evaluation of each stock based on data, such as the company’s financial statements, the stock’s price performance, and analysts’ estimates of the company’s future revenue and earnings. Over 100 metrics for each stock are compared to the same metrics for the other stocks in its sector. The stock is then assigned a rating (Strong Sell, Sell, Hold, Buy or Strong Buy), and a score (from 1.0 to 5.0, where 1.0 is Strong Sell and 5.0 is Strong Buy).

Seeking Alpha's Quant Ratings and Factor Grades are designed and managed by Steve Cress. Steve has 30 years of experience in equity research, quant strategies and risk management, and founded quant hedge fund Cress Capital Management. Steve is now Seeking Alpha's Head of Quant Strategy.

The Quant Ratings and Factor Grades are appropriate for both short and long term investors. The Value, Growth and Profitability factors identify mis-priced securities, and the Momentum and EPS Revisions factors identify timeliness. Timeliness isn’t only for short term investors. Even deep value investors are aware that securities can remain mis-priced for long periods of time without a catalyst. The overall Quant Rating therefore attempts to identify mis-pricing and timeliness in a single rating, and that’s actionable for both long term and short term investors.